Added documentation specifying you need AWS credentials (#320)
JuliaCloud/AWS.jl: docs/src/index.md

To see an overview of the architecture see the [design document](https://github.com/JuliaCloud/AWS.jl/wiki/v1-Design-Document).

## Installation
You will need some form of AWS credentials to use this package.

> The most simple way is to setup [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-quickstart.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The most simple way is to set up [AWS CLI](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/cli-configure-quickstart.html).
```
